On the whole, I think our combined efforts to complete the MVP were successful.  I thought that we divided up the work fairly well, so thankfully we didn't run into the issue where two team members worked on the same feature independently then had merge conflicts.  However, I think our division of work wasn't especially efficient.

I also think that we could have been more efficient in our Git workflow.  It wasn't very clear how our work flow would work at first, but we eventually decided to work on separate branches then submit pull requests when we finished that feature.  Going forward, I think it would better to work on smaller, more well-defined features in branches so the peer code reviews are easier and can occur more frequently.  It cacn be hard to review large pull requests and there's a greater risk of missing a bug.

I also think we could have spent a bit more time defining the detailed specifications of our project and understanding the tools and frameworks used (specifically Jade) before starting to write code.  We ran into a few roadblocks and wasted some time, especially when we were working on something individually and got stuck.  If we had spent a bit more time hashing out these details as a team in the beginning, we might have been able to work more efficiently.  Going forward, we should try to anticipate possible issues involving frameworks we don't fully understand or other complex issues.

Jorrie - If you feel like you want to take on more tasks or want to work on different features, I think you should make sure the team helps you out.  We'll be more effective as a team if we can being each other up to speed and make sure we're all working as efficiently as possible.

Marcos - Great job making a ton of progress on many different parts of the app.  You already did a pretty job job of this, but going forward it's going to be especially important to make sure the rest of the team is up to speed on your work and you can help the rest of us out when we're stuck.

Amanda - Whenever you get frustrated because you hit a wall (or because I changed the port number for the HTTPS server), reach out to the team to help you out.  We shouldn't waste time getting stuck, especially when having a fresh set of eyes on a problem can often provide a great deal of insight and hopefully resolve the issue.